STRAW BANS ACROSS THE COUNTRY.
WHAT ABOUT PLASTIC BAGS?
IN A RECENT INTERVIEW,
ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ CLAIMS
SHE GETS TOO MANY PLASTIC BAGS
AND THEN HAS TO THROW THEM AWAY.
>> I CAN BE UPSET THAT I GET TEN
PLASTIC BAGS AT THE GROCERY
STORE AND THEN HAVE TO TOSS THEM
OUT BECAUSE THE RECYCLING
PROGRAM IN THE AREA’S TOUGH, AND
THAT’S OKAY.
>> Tucker: THAT’S STUFF.
CLEARLY WE NEED AGGRESSIVE STATE
INTERVENTION.
THE STATE OF WASHINGTON JUST
APPROVED A BILL THAT WOULD BAN
ALL PLASTIC BAG USE STATEWIDE.
CONNECTICUT WHICH IS LITERALLY
FAILING, THAT STATE WANTS A 10
CENT BAG TAX TO FIX THE BUDGET
DEFICIT.
SOON YOUR BUNDLE OF PLASTIC BAGS
UNDER THE SINK COULD BE
CONTRABAND.
AUTHOR AND COLUMNIST MARK STEIN
JOINS US TONIGHT.
ANY PLASTIC BAGS UNDER YOUR
SINK?
>> YEAH, THERE ARE ACTUALLY.
I -- I -- I’M IMPRESSED BY
ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ.
>> Tucker: I AM, TOO, BY THE
WAY.
>> DEMOCRATS NOW, THEY’VE NEVER
HEARD OF -- A BIG THING WITH
BOVINE FLATULENCE DEMOCRATS HAD
NEVER HEARD OF UNTIL A COUPLE
WEEKS AGO.
NOW IT RANKS HIGHER THAN THE
ECONOMY OR OBAMACARE.
THEY FEEL THE WAY ABOUT A
FLATULENT COW KILLING THE PLANET
THE WAY THEY FELT ABOUT IT 35
YEARS AGO.
THAT.
THAT’S IMPRESSIVE FOR HER TO DO
IN A CERTAIN SENSE, THIS IS A
BOUTIQUE ISSUE.
WE WILL BE ARGUING ABOUT PLASTIC
BAG WHEN KIM JONG-UN DECIDES TO
DROP THE BIG ONE ON CLEVELAND
AND WE WILL LOOK RIDICULOUS.
WHAT’S ODDLY REVEALING ABOUT
THIS, I THINK ALEXANDRIA
OCASIO-CORTEZ COMES ACROSS
STRANGELY UNWOKE IN THIS SOUND
BITE.
I DON’T DO A LOT OF GROCERY
SHOPPING.
I USUALLY SEND MY UNDOCUMENTED
HONDURAN MAN SERVANT THAT I KEEP
UNDER THE STAIRS TO DO IT.
I KNOW ENOUGH TO KNOW THAT YOU
ARE ALWAYS STANDING BEHIND SOME
WELL-MEANING LIBERAL PROGRESSIVE
WHO USES ALL THE PLASTIC BAGS
AND PRODUCES SOME SMELLY,
DISGUSTING PERMANENT BAG SHE’S
BEEN CARRYING AROUND FOR THE
LAST FOUR YEARS AND HAS THE FOOD
PUT IN THAT.
>> Tucker: YOU MEAN THE NPR TOTE
BAG?
>> YEAH, THAT IS -- THAT IS -- I
BELIEVE IT’S THE -- IT’S EITHER
THE CHARLIE ROSE TOTE BAG OR
THAT ONE.
I DON’T KNOW WHICH ONE IT IS.
THEY’VE BEEN #METOO’d BUT NO ONE
#METOO’d THE TOTE BAG.
THERE’S NO REASON FOR THIS
PROBLEM.
SHE SOUNDS AS OUT OF IT AS THAT
FAMOUS CLIP OF THE FIRST
PRESIDENT BUSH MARVELING AT THE
GROCERY SCANNER, WHICH WAS
MISREPRESENTED ANYWAY.
IN THIS CASE, SHE SOUNDS WEIRDLY
UNWOKE.
WHERE IS ALEXANDRIA’S CHARLIE
ROSE TOTE BAG?
THAT’S WHAT WE WANT TO KNOW.
>> Tucker: I THINK SHE THINKS
CHARLIE ROSE IS A TOOL OF THE
ESTABLISHMENT PROBABLY.
I BET SHE’D BE VERY, VERY